say make these were taken at the West
Highland Police Station 1984 you were
there
same bottle these were taken today you
have to let me see my son he's in great
danger
[Music]
once he was programmed to destroy the
future what it's like to try to kill one
of these things
now his mission get down is to protect
it come with me if you want to live
[Music]
really real his loyalty is to a child
who sent you you did 35 years from now
at least Emma me like you right
not like me is the deadliest machine
ever built
unknown this time there are two
Terminator 2 you just can't go around
killing people why if you've seen it all
[Music]
Arnold Schwarzenegger Terminator 2
Judgment Day
this time he's back or good trust me
[Music]